# receiptProcessor

## Overview
A webservice that processes receipts to calculate points based on the rules provided. The APIs are documented below. The webservice has 2 APIs(POST and GET) to store a receipt and calculate the points.

## Summary of API specification
### Endpoint: Process Receipts
 - Path: /receipts/process
 - Method: POST
 - Payload: Receipt JSON
 - Response: JSON containing an id for the receipt.

Description:
Takes in a JSON receipt (see example in the example directory) and returns a JSON object with an ID generated by your code.
The ID returned is the ID that should be passed into /receipts/{id}/points to get the number of points the receipt was awarded.

Example Response:
{ "id": "7fb1377b-b223-49d9-a31a-5a02701dd310" }

### Endpoint: Get Points
 - Path: /receipts/{id}/points
 - Method: GET
 - Response: A JSON object containing the number of points awarded.

A simple Getter endpoint that looks up the receipt by the ID and returns an object specifying the points awarded.

Example Response:
{ "points": 32 }


## Rules
These rules collectively define how many points should be awarded to a receipt.

One point for every alphanumeric character in the retailer name.
50 points if the total is a round dollar amount with no cents.
25 points if the total is a multiple of 0.25.
5 points for every two items on the receipt.
If the trimmed length of the item description is a multiple of 3, multiply the price by 0.2 and round up to the nearest integer. The result is the number of points earned.
6 points if the day in the purchase date is odd.
10 points if the time of purchase is after 2:00pm and before 4:00pm.

## Running the program
The application requires Go to be installed.

Run the following commands to start the application
 - cd /receiptProcessor
 - go get .
 - go run .

In order to run the unit tests run the following commands
 - cd /receiptProcessor
 - go get .
 - go test
